hi friends from youtube i'm heads moon
712 here with your records good in
this time I bring you an application
to be able to download and install their
applications for ipod ipad and iphone
totally free are not good payment
first let's go to the description that
I will leave you
and they will have a strange file like this
decompress it and stay here if not
you know how to unzip we click
right and extract here
to decompress what you have to have
the unit program and once this is done
we open the file enormously double
click we give in yes
and mayor masters in this button here
to accept
this goes like this
why
the program is in Japanese
once this is done we give it here and
finish we go to the folder where he has
stayed saved
and we created a shortcut
I do this because normally I do not
load well in the application
once done this are these two
let's open this
which is the one that we have created
we give him a yes
late
We are waiting for him to fully load the
application as we see has already loaded the
application
Once this is done we can look for a
application any
I do not know what
we want to install antonio here I have some
and let's try with minecraft I'm going to
remove and then download
the program is nothing in Japanese and that
it makes it a bit difficult to manage
then yes we are going to look for something we give
click on this bar and write the
name of the program or game
let's ask
or not
Here we will see the options
we close this here and we look for what is the
most current version normally because if
we look for another
do not open to us and we are closed
program automatically
it did not appear
it should not be this the button we open
and we give him in this to camp in this
here there and we fight and start
download to use the video
while download good friends once
have downloaded the game or application
that you want
connect the ipod or iphone
to the computer by means of the cable
Once done, those that appear in
this in the letters in gray like here are
those that are already installed
if we are going to install some others just
we give it to the button here and we wait
to this reaches 100%
it's a bit delayed after 95%
it's always like this and families this has
been everything
can look on your iphone or ipad or what
that have
and they will see that if it remains and automatically
to the left to play
good friends this has been all for today
I wanted to give you this
small program that does not serve much
I through this program
downloaded games like infinity blade
most wanted and limbo that are very games
good ones
and that I liked a lot if they want
create some other superiors like this or
games or what on two crests of what
you want to leave it please in
the comments
thank you and do not forget to subscribe